a lot of people around this thing are
dead a lot of people gone people do they
miss most people a vanilla go hey guys
Ryan and Greg here breaking down another
episode of true detective season 3 what
episode are we're on five I believe Wow
five yes now again spoilers ahead so if
you haven't watched this episode yet get
out of here what are you doing here go
watch it and then come on back also
subscribe to the channel because we have
breakdowns for every single episode and
we're gonna be here the entire season
long all right let's do this
now episode 5 is titled if you have
ghosts it's the second episode and Nick
that's a lot of himself directed he also
directed episode 4 she has two this
season if you have ghosts you might
sound familiar if you're into
psychedelic rock rocky Erickson a
singer-songwriter back in the day he
wrote a song that was called if you have
ghosts
[Music]
now much like most of Erikson's music
this one deals with loneliness around
surrounding the paranoid schizophrenic
the lyrics are all over the place and it
feels pretty on the nose yeah for a guy
we may know from this season Wayne yeah
I have a feeling that's what they were
going with this song you can imagine how
isolating the feelings that Wayne is
going through at this moment when his
memory is failing him and he doesn't
know what is real what's what's true
anymore and he's missing moments that
literally happened in his life it's
getting more intense and now he's seeing
like real hallucinations in his day to
day in 2015 yes
now as you and I talked about last
episode those ghosts probably refer to
people that you know he killed
throughout his life and they're coming
back to haunt him as we've seen in these
2015 storyline so there's really no
escaping what is going through Wayne's
mind at the moment no he's in his own
prison and he's running around there's
nothing it's getting worse and worse as
we get through each and every episode as
we go down the line here now for all my
castle rock fans out there this may seem
very familiar this style they're trying
to go through with his ghost popping up
and random times a certain episode from
the first season which is I think one of
the best episodes ever if you haven't
seen it yet go out there I'm no spoilers
though I'm just gonna leave it there now
this whole conversation of ghosts also
made me think back to season one of true
detective specifically episode one
there's a moment when Russ Cole and
Marty they're like talking in the car
and and and rust looks out the window
and he sees a small girl waving at him
and and then he he asks you know do you
believe in ghosts
you believe in ghosts
what we say about shine on reflection
now we don't know who actually saw the
girl she's there she's real if she's
just an aberration in his mind or if
it's just truly a girl that he's looked
over and saw on the side of the road but
the idea of ghosts of these you know the
kids being abducted and no longer with
with the community and the kintyre
community is kind of completely
destroyed over over the absence and the
void of these children and no matter
what they do
there's never getting that back no never
all right so we start up in 1990 what's
going on a 1990 detectives are looking
up everything again they're going back
to the case they got everything on the
board and one of the things we noticed
right off the top is Lucy Purcell she is
dead right and now when we talked about
the Sharon Stone thing it looks like
that's what happened she's like she's
got the whole over bad overdose we'll
get back to that later but skeptical I'm
a little skeptical it's just so obvious
she did it herself or it looks very
staged we've seen this in numerous TV
and film yes you know someone could have
definitely got to her and made it look
like she killed herself
yes but at the same time that shot was
there which I thought first to tell the
audience hmm something's up but it looks
like that shot may just be there because
Tom shows up a few seconds later
now we also found out that Dan O'Brien
was in Vegas in 87 Lucy died in 88 so
they had a little getting together break
them in there yeah we don't explicitly
know that there was overlap but anyway
had to scene they had each other out
there in Vegas so there is a weird
connection between those two that we
kind of saw we thought this was
definitely a possibility from before now
his body ends up miles away plus other
Mississippi something happened in Vegas
and all we all we know that his remains
were found I mean it looks like it was
burned or buried or dumped into the
countryside so we don't know how you
know he was killed and it's very
suspicious though that may be the same
person might have done this theory what
if someone's trying to clean up
everything that happened and there's
some loose ends here and Dan and Lucy
may be two of those loose ends that they
got to clean up yeah you remember
remember Lucy was kind of um you know
she was breaking down
last episode in hmm you know if she did
know some details on what happened she
might not be able to keep her mouth shut
and someone that really want to cover
this up needs to kind of you know tie up
those loose ends and make sure that she
doesn't speak okay let's go back to Tom
he walks in on the scene he sees
everything on the board he sees who may
be his daughter yeah and but the thing
is about that whole scene we talked
about this before is do you think Wayne
went too far showing Tom the photo he's
kind of like breaking ranks right he's
not like kind of doing everything by the
book I it seems to me that Wayne has
like one priority in one priority he's
only back take care of this only to take
care of this case you want to find the
truth and that means he'll break any
rule needs that needs to be broken mm-hm
and he's not gonna play it by the book
at all even even Rowling is like you
know what the hell are you doing then
yeah you're gonna upset you're gonna
upset Tom Purcell and we shouldn't be
sharing these details this is stuff that
they want to kind of keep close to the
vest but but he's just like screw this I
need to get all the information I can
this has been boiled up in him from the
last ten years
yeah he hasn't done anything ever since
then he's just been a desk job the
entire time and now he's got a chance to
go back and look up everything that
happened and we're seeing Wayne in this
timeline the 90s he's a very different
Wayne who resents everything he he feels
betrayed by the police he feels betrayed
by even Woodard we're gonna get to that
a little later if those betrayed by the
personal family yeah everyone and the
amazing thing is how Holly plays this I
mean even when he's not speaking without
even dialogue and it's how he stands
there yeah like it exhumed that his
mannerisms and maybe wants to just he's
like you when I scream yeah he's like
all this pent-up aggression and just
he's just pissed off of how it all went
down you know ten years before kind of
like a Sidney Poitier in heat of the
night kind of vibe we're getting here I
love it
all right let's get back to Woodard now
we had the big shootout we actually got
it now we finally season three had its
big shootout I am assuming this is it
what do you think of it I thought it was
okay I was a you know I thought it could
have been bigger we've waited a long
time for action to hatas for stuff to go
down this season it felt like a like a
background thing yeah I think it a
little bit a little bit for you guys too
for us to check out and see like hey
wake up the you know there's some crazy
[ __ ] going on oh here it is yeah it's
one of those you know one of the one of
my favorite shootouts that I've seen
this year was in Jeremy song hae's hold
the dark on Netflix and there's a crazy
shootout in like a small town and is
this was like a mini version of that
this wasn't even close to that if you've
seen that shootout like I highly
recommend it was just like extremely
brutal but also very well well directed
this one you can sense you know Woodard
and all of what he's going through and
how pissed off he is at the community
and let down and and betrayed by you
know fellow Patriots and and he was just
time to get back you know and he wasn't
gonna take any prisoners
what do you think about the exchange
between him and Wayne the that yeah I
mean he basically said like I had a
chance to take you out but I just kind
of gave you a you know a little warning
yeah he tells him like straight up
you're gonna put this on me I love the
whole scene and yeah well that's I'm
gonna count to three in my head so at
that point he could have just shot him
in both kneecap but you never know he's
a he's a soldier right any point he can
turn on him so Woodard did not want it
all work out yeah there was nothing he
could've did there you won't put this on
me nobody made you take the job
my foot one in your knee they'll kill
you
I'll count to three in my head I'm gonna
hit three who'd give you a full burst
now also during the shootout we see
rollin takes one to the leg BAM and yeah
so that's where that that's the reason
why the limp was in the later time lines
we were wondering why you know what had
happened and basically yeah he takes a
bad shot to the leg the exchange there's
pretty funny like he's not trying you
know he's not I'm gonna stay right here
I'm not even moving it you think I'm
gonna go now this obviously also
confirms that one of those
hallucinations those ghosts at Wayne saw
in 2015 was in fact Brett Woodard it was
it was he's hit hard to see and that
first of all viewing but now you know
that this is one of the many people
handful of people that that Wayne has
unfortunately had to kill and he's still
handsome in 2015 he he resents that he
had to even do that yes carrying his
water okay we can confirm now that
Woodard was the guy they wrongly
convicted in the eighties yeah and his
kids are trying to get his name cleared
um they were just looking for a quick
scapegoat they were looking for and we
find out later that there was some some
reason for that but they you know they
were looking for someone to pin this
case on he shot cops he killed the cop
yep not saying he's not the innocent but
like he does doesn't mean that he killed
it's one of those things that I can now
two birds with one stone
right you can being a lawyer yeah I
don't know this is out of mind my press
is the only language he understands
you're telling me you didn't enjoy that
look on his face it's not about you or
your old boss because he did that man
trying to get his daughter back question
they say later on that a lot of people
died here and this whole thing and I
keep looking at the defense attorney for
the case I guess for the Woodard kids
Allen Jones I keep thinking is he is he
gonna make it
and I feel like this is somebody who's
poking a bear a little too hard here
they don't want him to be speaking it
yeah I don't think so still in the
nineties here and we're checking back in
on now Freddie burns it looks like ten
years later the last time they saw him
was during the interrogation and he has
not let that let that go okay I know
definitely affected him in his day to
day life it was traumatizing to say the
least
yes they told they told the child that
you're gonna two police officers
I'm in a room told them they're gonna be
raped in prison right that's gonna have
some effects on you years later all
right
no matter what you think there's
something you can do to me you might
want to take another look at my life
hold on now mr. burns I understand your
hard feelings again Hayes seems to be
oblivious to all of this right he's just
wants to find the girl in one mode he's
in one mode and you're just looking at
it's like uncomfortable to watch him
lean going but he ruined this kid's life
yeah there's there's no there's nothing
about that you can go like hey you got
to do what you gotta do he ruined this
child's life totally and I thought the
exchange that Freddie burns and him had
you know about when Wayne said hey you
know you were bullying little kids and
he's like well I was a teenager what's
your Excuse things might be what they
are because you had attacked by bullying
somebody weaker than you hmm and you
don't I was a teenager in me what's your
Excuse
Freddie does have a point though you
know like he was a young kid at the time
messing around with even younger kids it
happens to all of us with Liam bullies
in school but Wayne is literally was
doing that to everybody because he was
in a position of power and he could do
that so Freddie kudos a Freddy for
speaking up
we also learned during the whole
sequence that Freddy does still remember
certain details to the case he said
remember that day yeah he remembers that
will was looking for his sister and that
they were looking for her we don't know
who the day is but it was it sounds like
the people that she was meeting in the
in the forest for however many years
other kids or whoever the perps are well
see next up Wayne and Rowland are
interviewing this excuse a a drifter yes
he says he's has information on her but
there's a reward out there keep this in
mind let's keep the motive in mind that
motive involved in mine because he says
a lot of things here that could
obviously be pulled from stuff you just
hear about the case itself so there are
little things here that kind of put
holes in this theory but he does say hey
I saw her I saw the girl here and she's
a little off yes nobody calls herself
Mary July yes
some she's not a drug user but she she's
been there for quite some time in and
out of his life come they come across
each other and she was always looking
for something which he says obviously a
lot of people in the situation and we're
looking for running away from but she
was looking for her brother still mm-hmm
again could i I get the pit of my
stomach I feel like this isn't Julie I
just feel like the way that they're
trying to hunt her down the the way the
Wayne's really gung-ho about this I feel
like this is setting up a moment where
he finds the girl turns her around you
get that moment and it's it's not her
it's someone else who's suffering right
now and but we'll see I just I just
don't think it's her yes she also
mentioned that it she would they she
called herself a secret princess all the
things from that you have the drawings
all these yeah it was like it was almost
like someone that didn't fully like grow
up and they still had this fantasy and
it's imagination that it kind of like
their imagination was maybe stifled
because of what happened to them earlier
at a younger age and and they're still
living in this kind of fantasy yeah who
knows if you know someone had you know
put that fantasy upon them or kind of
brainwash them into thinking a certain
way but she's if we are to believe this
guy which we we don't we don't not
really she's out there she seems like
she is still looking for her brother and
she doesn't really trust a whole lot of
people now in 2015 to get some new
information miss Montgomery tells us
that Harris James yes Harris Jayma was
working on the case in the 80s is
missing is no longer is presumed to be
dead we have no idea and you know
suspiciously a lot of people from this
time period are no longer with us
they're if they're gone they're they're
dead or missing
Wayne I was specifically paying close
attention to Wayne's reaction during
this look oh yeah there's two things at
play here one he he's honest and he does
not know who this what happened or to
which I'm in the camp on this side is
that he knows exactly what happened and
he's trying not to reveal it yes there
are definitely pieces of this case
they're trying to keep away from Eliza
it looks like he may just be doing this
whole thing with her to see
what she knows he but at the same time
it's kind of scary because of his
disease right now you never know what he
could just all sudden say yeah sure I
know that guy right and also it's funny
you bring that up because what's
interesting is that like she might know
things that he doesn't know yes well so
it's like this exchange of information
between these two parties where they're
not trying to show their full hand yet
mm-hmm hungry for obvious reason Henry
was right here you shouldn't have done
this interview but we'll see where this
goes okay now over in 1990 this is the
dinner date from hell have you ever been
on a date this bad no neither have I
know that was try to avoid it that was
extremely tense and awkward to say the
least would you study poultry science
they make rocket fuel out of chickens
what are you talking about Jesus you
don't quit that reminds me a lot of my I
think the all-time greatest episode of
the office ever do that it's disgusting
you know I have soft teeth how could you
say that excuse me for a second
now we can confirm one more thing Roland
pick that girl up at the church it was
the same girl sorry
I wondered why in the last episode and
they had the little shot of the woman in
the photo in his office and Roland's
office and I thought I wonder if it's
the same girl he met at the church dad
it was that's Lori that he was picking
up at the church and they've had kind of
some on and off years and they're
together right now inviting their
friends over for dinner but uh you know
Wayne is how do I say this difficult
okay you think I'm crazy for this I I
have to bring it up Laurie
can we throw her on the board no can we
do it I feel like Maury has a bigger
case here I'll bring it up again later
on when we talked to the older the 2015
version of rollin and Wayne I just feel
like Laurie I think it would be awesome
I think it'd be such a bad payoff it's
not enough to be Laurie
you know just lied to a weird payoff if
that ended
being if she was why will Roman not
bring up Laurie though at all in 2015
they never got married so I can
understand that if that the the context
here was will come back to it I think
the fact is that this this case is
literally destroyed the lives of
everyone who's been around it so I don't
think it's a matter of mentioning any
ex-wife or girlfriend I think that
Roland's alone for the same reason why
wanes alone that this sum consumes so
much of their lives and something
horrific still we haven't seen yet has
happened and that it's it's destroyed
any semblance of friendships with other
people yeah okay so Wayne finally reads
Amelia's book in his 70s now all right
cool
so we have to think what it's been
almost probably over 20 years 25 years
it's been on there 20 years because she
hadn't finished it in 1990 but she was
close to finishing it probably so it's
in whatever 15 20 years and he never
touched the book and I'm sure they were
drafts before that he could have read
mm-hmm I find it shocking that he never
looked for another perspective on the
case he was working I feel like he knew
bits and pieces but never really went
into it and if he thought he knew it all
right he never took her serious as
someone that could gather information
and kind of put it together in an
organized way but ro get the audible
version or something and clutched your
chest this wasn't a happy home
Georgia I should laugh you know and
there wasn't much laughter around here
okay so a lot of people picked this up
in the last episode that a certain line
that Lucy said children should laugh and
play and guess what yes that's the exact
same thing that's on that note right he
figures it out finally um Amelia could
had you know it seems like pertinent
information that you would have needed
to know Oh back in the time when they
were doing it right if she knew oh I'm
gonna put this in the book the exact
line well and I'm also questioning
Amelia like yeah I didn't after that
conversation we said something back in
1990 why didn't she go around and then I
know we know their marriage was on the
rocks but like that that information
when she all she said to Lucy was you
know you should go talk to Detective
Hayes she also got has to like she said
the one
she went there and said to me to him
there's a child missing right and now
you may have a big major evidence right
he said the line that literally was in
the note so what it sounds like we
learned later is that Lucy was behind
that note in order to kind of give him
some relief this doesn't make any sense
for the fact is she knows about that
note Wayne talks about that no little
time he's back on the case now so even
the 90s Amelia could have brought up
that same line right when she saw the
note and she put it in her book so the
fact that Wayne doesn't know this that's
a little and that might be his memory or
something else is up there let's stick
with Wayne in Amelia for a second here
let's actually talk about Becca there's
a theory out there that Becca she may
actually be dead um I actually I believe
this there's there's little clues here
that she might not be around and this
may just be a part of Wayne's psychosis
at this part of his life in the 2015
that he thinks she's still around that
she may have died years years earlier I
don't I don't know I don't know if I
feel that she's dead but I think that
they definitely had a falling-out mhm
and that she no longer speaks to her dad
and that you know Henry's the the
conduit that has kind of taken place to
take care of his dad and kind of relay
any information she just wants to say
when she does not want to do that she
just wants now that means something
really really big and horrific happened
in the interim that would make her want
to stay away but remember like these
kids are of the similar age during the
time that he's working on this case with
these kids as well so yeah he's dealing
with a trauma at work and it's probably
affected as we've seen on all the
flashbacks it's nothing back that his
family life so how he's treated his own
kids and how he freaked out even in the
Walmart could be terrifying and who
knows what that been elevated to the
next time it happened yes and at the
same time now we do know that they did
cast in older Becca so she's going to
show up at some point in the future
episodes yeah they should exactly that's
the next thing I think could it just be
a hallucination of her we don't know yet
we'll find out okay so now we're going
between 2015 and 1990 and almost like a
West World II vibe right you don't know
what's going on elegant one yeah you're
like oh god here we go the domaine
and stuff again but I think I know what
was happening here okay all right so
Wayne's walking down the hallway he's
tripping out a little bit between his in
his mind from 2015 I I don't think
there's any weird like different
timeline at play here in the scene I
think when he opens the door and he's
looking at his family because he's just
remembering everything is mine again
he's just walked back into that 90s
memory memory of himself and the door
opening is just him looking back at
himself it's he's in his own memory
right it's not like a house is haunted
his perception of reality is it's all
over the mixture of many different years
throughout his life yes another vibe I
got out of that scene is for my David
Lynch fans out there Lost Highway now I
saying that it's gonna make some people
scream because I hope that's not work
cuz a lot I was going with this story
because then you just gotta go crazy
town because in that story the actual
main character he literally changes
actors halfway through the film so if I
just curious that guy outside is that
really Wayne could we do something like
that we're gonna have some weird stuff
go on I would love it I know everyone
else and you would I would be doing
these reviews by myself from here on out
if that happened but might be a little
bit too weird for this show Hey Pitt
Salado has paid homage to David Lynch on
many occasions including season two and
my favorite scene of all true detective
actually
again season two's not that bad season
two it's not that bad but this scene is
incredible
[Music]
you got your father's hands all right
now in 1990 after they reopened the case
they're looking for this unknown set of
prints that were on the toys that were
recovered in the forest
hmm problem is is that Wayne contra
can't find those prints he's literally
looking back in the police department
archives and the prints are gone how
convenient that they're gone now did he
dispose of them himself that's the
question we don't know right we don't
know if it's if it's him there's kind of
putting up this whole front or he
doesn't remember physically doing this
but remember he recovered those toys
from the forest yeah he put him there
they were unknown fingerprints that they
wanted to kind of run to the database
again higher powers could have done that
as well no more cover-up
speaking of cover-up let's go back to
1980 after the Woodard shootout if oh
how convenient we found in the shirt of
Julie inside of like a little like
whatever that thing was that will like
outdoor furnace furnace yeah and then
they found oh underneath the floorboards
front of the house wills pristine
backpack pristine guys take a look at
that that looks spotless it looks like a
brand-new like you just bought it at
Target
good job everybody just bought it at
Walmart and you put it underneath there
yeah this was it looks like from the
get-go before we even find out later
you know the whole theory that Wayne has
I was like that is way too perfect for
it to all tie together and from that
explosion yeah this is why it's a
complete cover-up by either the cops or
someone in power the white family who
knows but yeah it's it's too perfect for
it to actually be what happened that day
now one thing we can confirm is that the
missing investigator Harris the one that
goes missing sometime between the night
stay under 15 he was there that day hmm
when the backpack was discovered so my
initial reaction was he's definitely
involved in this he did it and Wayne at
some point there we're gonna find out in
the next couple episodes Wayne finds out
about this approaches him and some [ __ ]
goes down he doesn't make it out of it
alive somehow someway I believe
and in it we don't know that just yet
but it's definitely 100% Harris I think
dropped that it's got an inside man or
woman on the police force that was able
to you know plant that evidence he says
oh that looks like that boys backpack
why would you say that at that but
taking it back to the lab first checking
stuff out and preferment what he just
straight up says oh that looks like the
keys to memorizing the backpack yeah
yeah all right let's go back to 2015 the
second they show just the close-ups of
like Mik preparing the dog food and then
they had the coffee and then the bottle
of whiskey goes in I'm like Roland he's
alive he's still alive and yes he's
still kicking it with just stray dogs
now he's living out in the forest or
somewhere out away from the city and
he's just with dogs now and he's just
living his own life his best life
look here another stray
true he's got flaws well here man now
rollin in a Wayne don't have quite the
relationship they did in years past
mm-hmm it seems like it been quite some
times that they last saw each other and
rollin was kind of in need of an apology
for something that Wayne did but Wayne
doesn't know what exactly he did his
mind's not favoring his mind's not there
anymore and I feel like something
horrible went down between these two
that they went to they went so far as to
take justice into their own hands
possibly and it all a season one kind of
vibe yeah taking your own yes I think
that's where we're going we don't know
what exactly but he does say again that
he owes him an apology for something
else though because I feel like those
are two separate Thanks
maybe it could because he ghosted them
for so many years afterwards he says he
never came over to visit me speaking of
that whole thing that exchanged between
the two of them at the end was so good
so heartbreaking and the acting again
from both these guys is top-notch now
one thing we have to shed some light on
here and that whole exchange between
Rowland and Wayne in 2015 they bring up
some names right now they bring up
Harris's name and they bring up Dan's
name Roland says to him that guy you
brought down engine yeah is he talking
about Dan or Harris now something that
varies I went a between a with with one
of those two gentlemen those men like
they did something with using like using
justice in their own hands and it
doesn't sit well with either of these
guys but Roland more specifically
because roll Roland can remember it
Wayne
maybe have blocked it out or as losing
his memory of exactly what happened
it looks more like it's a Harris thing
and he's telling him to shut the hell up
again I feel like I'm the same way here
right now don't be making a documentary
needs to stop what he's doing it right
now in this documentary after this the
the scene with rolling confirmed it to
me like Wayne he's gotta shut up he
hasn't shut his big mouth attention
dukes anything that they're involved in
mm-hmm not fine
alone out here no woman no kids no old
friends now finally on that scene adjust
the theory and it's a really
heartbreaking one is that the reason
that rolling in Wayne having talked to
each other spoken since the 90s sometime
in the 90s is because he brings up the
fact that he saw a white weight came to
visit him mm-hmm that scene could be
something involving Hoyt telling him you
know listen you've gone into deep this
is Chinatown and people in your life are
gonna be destroyed he's gonna go away he
could tell him anything right but I feel
like out of that exchange we knew that
he needs to stop talking to roll in he
may have just stayed away from everyone
to save their lives from whatever is
happening here he did kind of Wayne kind
of did downplay that meeting though he's
only two rolling obviously which which
he would if you have it that was a truth
you're saying he kind of downplayed that
like you know he didn't really know he
didn't give me an information that I
didn't already know now Wayne could have
also then dealt with the man in a
different way then you know didn't want
to share with anybody and kind of then
forced himself to take a step back from
anything I feel like he's staying away
to protect everyone else here he knows
only bad can come from and if he goes
any farther in this case and if he was
told to stay away from roll in everybody
now let's wrap up in the 1990s and they
get a tip on the hotline they get a
phone call from a woman that says she is
basically Julie and she does not want
anyone to look for her that she's okay
and tell them man specifically on the TV
as Tom Purcell to stop going on TV and
asking for his daughter how do you how
do you take this one I keep thinking is
it her is it really her right that's the
first thing that can worry someone
forcing her to say these things it could
be that too it could be someone else
seeing that there's so many different
movies with ransom kidnappings and
ransoms but it so what what could Tom
have have done to her that was so
horrific that we want her to stay away
they keep circling back around to this
pedophile thing too so we always think
it's gonna be Dan it
we find out it may have Dan have done
something to Julie yeah it could be Tom
- this could be something again why
would the kids run away so it looks like
something they're about having the kids
run away tells me that something like
that could have taken place something
involving either the dad was with the
girl or it could have been again dan and
she just resents everybody for what
happened yeah
but definitely a possibility I mean it
sounds like there's a much darker more
sinister thing going on with the family
and like we yeah learn from the very
first episode we really can't trust
anyone no matter if we see Tom Purcell
just in hysterics you know now there's
gonna be crocodile tears we don't yes
yeah you don't know exactly what
happened I feel like Tom he may have a
bigger hand in this or at least the
police think he does now we that's what
we established in the scene - is the
police are now looks like they're zoning
would you receive this phone call from
your estranged daughter and now this
also gives them what they're out if they
want to go back and say oh it wasn't
Woodard we actually got him it's Tom at
least for the Attorney General
so we'll see Julie whoever's on this
phone call also says that quote he took
me and I'm never coming back
hmm point she feels that that's what I
initially thought like she feels that
someone saved her from the situation she
was in and you know unbeknownst to her
her brother died in the process maybe it
was an accident we talked about it
before maybe he died accidentally
she was already kind of whisked away and
brought somewhere else and she feels
like we don't know if this is true or
not but she feels that she was saved
from the situation she but then if we're
taking this as she was like again a
drifter herself then what the hell
happened with her and Hoyt relationship
there and the plate like these are
wealthy people they can find a home for
her so again it looks like something in
between there there was another cross
something else happened where another
person came involved here and maybe
clipped someone else who's supposed to
take her to the voice guys let's wrap it
up with one more fun Easter Egg that you
and I both enjoyed now it wasn't in this
episode five but we saw it in an episode
five trailer that shows scenes of kind
of what's gonna happen for the rest of
the season of true detective
mm-hm one specific shot of miss
Montgomery filming the documentary
series with Wayne
we see her laptop opened oh and there
are two familiar faces on this laptop
from season 1 Russ and Marty yeah so it
proves that we're in the same universe
as the true detective season one it kind
of goes by legally too but in you know
this takes place this took place before
episode 1 did but by the 90s and in 2015
it's cut now those have been wrapped up
so you know these timelines these they
overlap the regions they feel eerily
similar to each other so it was a fun I
thought it was I was just an Easter Egg
anything else nothing more yeah then a
cool Easter Egg and it's literally for
us well like us in the themes like the
themes are similar with the pedophilia
rings that are going on the people in in
in in large amounts of power taking
advantage of less the less fortunate in
these error in these regions of the US
so that there are similar themes but I
think was more of just hey fun little
nod to the season one guys you know they
are executive producers they're not
showing up again they did something like
this in season 2 as well what they had
the too empty for director producer
chairs to represent them for the season
also in that episode you got which a
little bit of a vanity thing because
that was the episode where they revealed
the killer somewhere in it so they're
doing it again this season I feel like
they're gonna get some shot of them
every season for when we have another
season attributed we need those we knew
those beer cans to come back beer cans
you may even just get one of the
characters the walking frame and
something in it like a police the office
we'll see
I feel like stuff like that will happen
all the time but when it comes to act an
actual like you know event where they're
together not for some time I know
[Music]
and after all these years there's a
delivery in that that'll do it for us
for this breakdown of Episode five but
come back next week for episode six is
breakdown now make sure to hit that
subscribe button if you haven't done it
yet and at the same time let's leave you
with some words of wisdom from Frank
wisdom really it just seems to me like
you pissed off some serious people maybe
you oughta take more care just a thought